Add troubleshooting item to DBM Postgres troubleshooting page (#38697)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_postgres/troubleshooting.md

The recommended value for `pg_stat_statements.max` is `10000`. Setting this configuration to a higher value
may cause the collection query to take longer to run, which can lead to query timeouts and gaps in query metric collection. If the Agent reports this warning, make sure that `pg_stat_statements.max` is set to `10000` on the database.

### Databases are missing or merged in the list

Datadog tags database metrics with the `db` tag to identify which database each metric belongs to. If you apply a custom `db` tag, it overrides this per-database value, and all metrics will share a single `db` value. As a result, your databases collapse into one entry and individual databases may not appear in the Database list in Database Monitoring.

> To resolve this, remove any custom `db` tags so that Datadog can populate it per database.

Reviewer: Slight tweak to avoid "will" for the sake of Vale's happiness. Also tightening up in a few spots and replacing an ambiguous "this" esp since that starts a new para.

```suggestion
### Databases are missing or merged in the list

Datadog tags database metrics with the `db` tag to identify which database each metric belongs to. Applying a custom `db` tag overrides this per-database value, so all metrics share a single `db` value. Your databases then collapse into one entry, and individual databases may not appear in the Databases list in Database Monitoring.

To restore per-database `db` values, remove any custom `db` tags so that Datadog can populate the tag per database.
```

Author: Perfect, thank you!
